{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11920\viewh14220\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Introduction\
\
Phenomena\
\
\\ex. The boys built a sand castle. \
\
This sentence has at least two different readings:\
\
- A non-distributive or collective reading, where the two boys built the two castles together. \
- One specific type of this non-distributive reading is one where the two castles were built together by the boys.  \
- A distributive reading, where each boy built two castles. \
\
Note that: The distributive reading has associated two different things\
- Distributive entailments\
- Co-variation\
\
This ambiguity comes from the type of VP, there are some VPs that are unambiguously distributive or a collective. \
\
\\ex. The boys arrived. \
\
\\ex. The boys gathered. \
\
In these cases (where the predicate is mixed- can take both collective and distributive readings) distributive inferences are thought to arise from an optional covert distributive operator D with the semantics of each, which applies the predicate to each atomic member of the subject. \
\
Note that this operator does two things:\
\
- For mixed predicates, D guarantees the distributive entailment. \
\
- Independently of whether the predicate is compatible with both readings, D guarantees the covariation (variables and operators in the VP are applied to each member of the subject)\
\
Entry for D\
\
Include LFs for sentence 1\
\
Include LFs for sentence 2\
\
\
Now, notice that there are some cases where the same type of ambiguity seems to arise:\
\
\\ex. The bags are light. \
\\ex. The bags are heavy. \
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
COLL = The plurality of boys 
\i B 
\i0 is heavy.
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 DIST = \'a0\'a0For every 
\i b 
\i0 such that 
\i b 
\i0 is an atomic part of the plurality of boys 
\i B, b
\i0  is heavy.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Entailment patterns: They correlated with the valence/polarity of the predicate (in the same dimensional scale)\
\
Put Table\
\
- Difference between what happens for the mixed transitive predicates, where one can make the readings independent from each other. \
\
- Same contrast with other types of adjectival predicates, which are thought to be stubbornly distributive. \
\

\b How this ambiguity is explained?\

\b0 \
The bags D are heavy\
D(\\lambda x. \\lambda d. heavy(x, d)) (iota bags(x))\
\
For every x such that x is an atomic member of the set of bags, x is heavy. \
\
\
\
\
\

\b \\textbf\{Psycholinguistic background\}\

\b0 Most studies have been focused on the ambiguity arising in distributive predicates. \
\
Our study: Priming of distributive readings for sentences such as \'93Two squares are connected to three circles\'94.\
No visual priming involved. But distributive readings themselves, because of covariaion, might have had associated a verification strategy which was the thing that was primed. \
\
\

\b Goals/Questions
\b0 \
Since co-variation probably has associated a specific verification strategy, we would like to see whether we could prime distributive readings that do not involve co-variaion (purely semantic priming)\
\
Can we dissociate distributive inferences from co-variation? In other words, is distributivity, when no-covariation is involved, processed different from \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}